Yo son, are you alright?
You are a devil and what you can do
I'm dwarfed.
Don't fight, don't fight
How can that work?
My greatest strength as a person is that I take things seriously
Okay, there are still thirty-eight
How can I be worthy of you if I don't hit you?
No, no, I'll do it for you
I'll do it myself I'll do it myself
Chu Xiaoxiao
I'll let you go for the sake of seeing you as a woman
You don't know what's good or bad
The woman and child who bullied me, Long Jingtian
I will make you regret it.
Appear in this world
Got it, got it, no more, no more
Get up and understand what happened in May
Sister Hua
I said I wouldn't lie to you.
But why would Long Shuai give you money today?
I made a contribution under Long Shuai before
This is the reward Long Shuai gave me.
Right?
So humph
A mere subordinate Long Jingtian
The humiliation of the wild stars today
It will be repaid doubly someday